[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: He
is called Masati,
an expert in how
to use frequencies
to raise human consciousness.
He was only 22 when he had his
first near-death experience.
His second NDE was 24
years later and then
a third only a
couple of years ago.
Masati, welcome to the program.
>>MASATI: George,
Thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: One near-death
experience is way too much.
Three?
>>MASATI: Crazy, right?
>>NOORY: How close did
you come to real death?
>>MASATI: Well, all
three experiences,
I separated completely
from the physical form.
Most near-deaths, people peel
away, and then they come back.
But the first near-death,
more impactfully,
I saw my body hanging
in a warehouse accident.
I saw my body hanging,
and I was 12 feet away,
my consciousness, my
identity of who I was.
>>NOORY: What happened
on NDE number one?
>>MASATI: NDE number one,
it was a warehouse job.
And even before I get
into that, George,
I'd really like to
preface that people
have near-death
experiences all the time.
A lot of documentations on NDEs.
But my near-deaths were
conscious near-deaths.
So before then, I was really
thirsty for understanding
what life was about, why we're
here, what the purpose of what
life is about.
And I studied the religions.
And I studied the
success mechanisms,
making wealth and all that.
And it didn't quite
match because I
saw people who were highly
religious and spiritual,
but they were still ill.
They still had problems.
I saw people who
were highly wealthy,
and they were still ill.
They had problems.
They aged like everybody else.
And I'm going, that's
not the way Jesus
or a Buddha or
Muhammad would do it.
So I wanted to know what they
actually studied or practiced.
And, well, I found
out the answer.
And that led me to
my first near-death.
It was a warehouse accident.
I was 22 at the time.
It was a college job.
And I used to unload rail cars.
And in the rail cars,
they have these walls
that move back and forth to
keep the product in place.
And the wall was stuck.
So what I did was
climbed up, and I
started pulling on the wall.
And this 1/2-ton wall gave way,
and it slid across the rails,
and it crushed my jaw.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
>>MASATI: Yeah.
So I was hanging by my jaw.
And in an instant,
I was separated,
probably like 12 feet
away, from my body.
And I'm going, wow,
that must really
hurt because I could
see my neck all torted.
My body was over here.
My head was pulled over here.
And I'm going, wow, that
must really, really hurt.
And then I go, well,
gosh, why doesn't it?
And then that's when I realized.
I was like, oh, I'm dead.
And it wasn't a sad
experience, George.
It was just one of the
most beautiful experiences.
It sounds kind of weird, but--
>>NOORY: Beautiful?
>>MASATI: Yeah.
Kind of crazy, right?
>>NOORY: Masati, how could a
near-death experience be fun?
>>MASATI: Well, it
wasn't fun physically,
but you get to see the
potential of who we really
could be physically, George.
And from my studies now,
over 100,000 client sessions
and so on, you start to
see patterns in people.
And people are so limited
in their physical form.
So it was expansive to
me or more beautiful.
I'm sure you've heard hundreds
of stories of people going, god,
it was the most beautiful thing.
You don't want to go back
or anything like that.
So for me, I was conscious,
and I'm going, oh, my god.
The possibilities of what
we have here physically,
it'd be amazing.
So that's why it
was so beautiful.
It was so grand.
I always say that
physically, we're
only living or tapping into
maybe 2% of what we could
be here on earth, but the other
98% is just dying to come out,
just dying to fruition
in physical form.
So I was experiencing the
98% of who we are here,
and it's a beautiful
space, George.
>>NOORY: Did they rush
you to the hospital?
>>MASATI: Well, that came later.
But through that
near-death, George,
it allowed me to
understand how time worked.
I had a life review.
I had a life review on why
things happened the way they do.
And it's like observing life
at a very high level and going,
OK, I'm seeing
patterns in my life.
And that's what frequency's
work is, understanding
the patterns in your life.
And it was such a
beautiful moment.
And there's always a voice.
In all my near-deaths
that I've had,
there's always this beautiful
voice, George, that goes,
yeah, you can stay here,
or you can go back.
And as soon as they
say you can go back,
you go back into
physical form and--
>>NOORY: And it's your choice?
>>MASATI: --into your body.
It's not really a
choice, [LAUGHS]
although they make you
feel like it's a choice.
And they is the beautiful--
if you want to call them
angels or guides or whatever.
But there's a beautiful
group of people at any level
that you exist in.
>>NOORY: Do you go
through a life review?
>>MASATI: Yes, I went
through a life review.
And that's where
I understood time,
where I lived 22 years in my
life in just a few seconds.
So after I went through
the life review--
>>NOORY: Like that?
>>MASATI: Just like that.
And it's not like you're
reviewing your life.
You experience life from birth
till that moment in full form.
So it's like reliving
your life complete.
And you're not
observing your life.
You are actually reliving
all those moments full form.
>>NOORY: Are you
seeing the things
you did well, the
things you did badly?
>>MASATI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You see everything?
>>MASATI: You see everything.
You experience everything.
But you experience it from
an educated point of view.
Say, you go through
life, and most people
are at a kindergarten level.
But this time you go
through the same experience,
but you go through
it from a PhD level.
And you go, oh, that's why life
is the way that it should be.
That's why life is-- that's
why this happened to me.
So you start to see the
patterns on why things are.
And this is where you start
to remove your sense of, say,
am I a good person
or a bad person?
You're always a great person.
You just have bad experiences
or good experiences.
Experiences don't make you.
>>NOORY: Do you learn things
about yourself in an NDE?
>>MASATI: Oh, absolutely.
You learn things about
yourself, not only yourself.
For me, I'm a little different.
I not only learn
things about myself
and how beautiful the
possibilities of physical life
could be or life on the
other side, but then, George,
you also start to learn
things on how things operate,
the physics of how this
reality is created,
the physics of frequencies.
And that's really key.
>>NOORY: How are
you learning this?
Is somebody teaching you or
are they just perceptions?
>>MASATI: The
first one opened me
up to concepts of how
time and space work.
It opened me up to
multi-dimensional realms.
Like in this dimension, you
could be playing a certain part.
For example, in this dimension,
you could be running--
you could be having cancer.
In another dimension of self,
you could be fully healed.
So that's where you get into the
multi-dimensional possibilities
of who you could be.
>>NOORY: After you came back,
what changes did you encompass?
>>MASATI: OK.
So just to answer
your question about
did they rush me to
the hospital, they did.
I don't know how I got from
the warehouse to the hospital.
My jaws were wired
shut when I woke up.
But about a week later,
everything was really clear.
I could still see the colors
that we don't see here.
There's different
colors, different sounds,
different vibrations.
Flavors were more robust.
I could see frequencies
behind people.
I could look at people
after my first near-death,
and I'd go, oh, that
person has kidney issues.
Oh, that person has a headache.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>MASATI: Yeah, I could
start to see waves.
And it might sound
like psychic abilities,
but it's very different,
although it sounds the same
at the surface level.
So I started to see.
Or simple things like
somebody rings the phone.
Back then, we didn't
have caller ID.
It's like, oh, I
know who that is.
So your sense of intuition--
my sense of intuition
really spiked up.
And I used that to, well,
have a successful business.
>>NOORY: Did it make
you a better person?
>>MASATI: Yes, it did.
But then at the same time, you
get really, really frustrated,
George, because you get to see
a higher level of possibilities
on how people could
be, how life could be,
and how reality could be.
The strife that we go
through in this society,
in this reality as humans, it
doesn't have to be that way.
You see the perfection
of how it could
be at a much higher levels,
and you start to wonder.
It's like, well, why
can't we do it here?
So at that level, everything
makes perfect sense.
At this physical level, there's
always exceptions to the rule.
There's always, well, you
can do-- in this situation,
it works here, but in this
situation, it doesn't work.
So those polarity or
duality in this reality,
it doesn't function well.
And we don't have to
have that, and that's
why there's so
much, again, strife.
So you start to get,
well, a little angry.
It's like, well,
why can't I have
the life that I know I can have
here in this physical reality?
And I think a lot
of people nowadays,
George, are going through that.
It's like, I know that there's
a better way of doing life,
being life, and it's
more than making money.
It's more than having kids,
and it's more than that.
And it's not about not
having those things.
It's about, how about
being a better individual
to do that at higher
levels of consciousness?
And that's where we can actually
radically change this reality.
>>NOORY: 24 years later,
something else happened to you.
What happened?
>>MASATI: Well, that's just it,
like you were saying, George,
where life wasn't doing--
I had great success.
I had a million-dollar
home, the yacht,
and all the toys and everything,
but I wasn't really happy.
It's like a lot of
people who are--
>>NOORY: Not happy?
>>MASATI: Yeah.
It's crazy, right?
Because that's what
everybody thinks about,
is, hey, you have all that
success, but it's like,
why aren't you happy?
Because there's that
piece or that potential
that is missing out.
And nowadays, I
realize what that is.
And people sacrifice themselves
for the wealth that they have,
the success that they have,
the beauty that they have.
And that's just it.
We sacrifice our best components
of who we are, George,
our essence of who we are.
We sacrifice that aspect of
us to have a physical, say,
abundance.
But in this case
and what I teach now
is, well, why can't
you have both?
Why can't you expand who
you are and understand
who you are, and
then wealth becomes
a reflection of who you are?
It's not like empty
wealth or empty success.
And that's really key.
People are massively
successful, but they're
just as poor as anybody
else deep inside.
>>NOORY: Well, what happened
with NDE number two?
>>MASATI: NDE number
two, we were in Belize.
It was a fascinating
experience, again.
And I know it sounds crazy,
near-death, but in this case--
>>NOORY: You sound like look
forward to these things.
>>MASATI: Not anymore.
I've learned enough.
>>NOORY: That's enough?
>>MASATI: That's enough.
Yeah, and I'd like to
talk about that as well.
But the second
NDE, George, really
helped me understand--
well, let me back up a bit.
The second NDE
happened in my 44--
And it was in Belize.
It was a rafting experience.
And it was quite amazing.
We were in the
jungles of Belize.
And it's like the universe
really knew what was happening,
and the universe does know
what's happening all the time.
>>NOORY: It does know.
>>MASATI: It's crazy.
There was bird noises.
There was wind and all
the sounds of the jungle.
And when we got into the water--
and it was my wife at
the time and my kids,
my three kids at the time.
And it's like
everything went quiet.
There was no wind.
There was no sound.
It was like a movie set, George.
It's like, what's happening?
It was so profound.
I guess the quietness
was so loud.
And I'm going, what is going on?
And we got into the water,
and it was fast rapids.
And my family went one way.
I got stuck into a
tributary, and this is where
I got sucked into a cenote--
a hole in the
bottom of the river.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
>>MASATI: I got sucked
out of my inner tube.
I didn't have my life jacket on.
>>NOORY: A pull-down current?
>>MASATI: Yep.
And I got sucked into
the bowels of the earth.
And I try to climb out,
but the water pressure--
just think it's a hole this
big and so much water going in.
>>NOORY: You couldn't swim
hard enough to get up there.
>>MASATI: Yeah.
Well, I tried to push
against the wall.
And my fingernails were
bloody, my back was bloody.
After I got out, I noticed that.
But it's like you give up.
And as I gave up, that
same euphoric feeling
that I had in my first
near-death, where it's like, oh,
my god, here we go again.
And it was so beautiful
because, again, my essence,
my consciousness was here.
And I could see my body
floating or going deeper
into the darkness of the tunnel.
And then from there,
I saw my body leave.
And then my consciousness,
my presence of who we are--
or some people might
call it your spirit--
I transcended through the
rock, through the freshness
of the water.
I could still feel
it on my presence,
although I didn't
have a physical form.
And then I went into
the higher realms.
This is where people might
talk about the tunnel of light.
I transcended or graduated
through the tunnel of light
and went beyond the veil,
beyond the curtains.
And I started to see the
mechanics on how realities work,
how time and space function.
And I went way beyond
that, too, George.
And this is where
at spirit level,
you still have an
identity of physical form.
But spirit doesn't even
have physical form.
So you go beyond that.
You go beyond your
identity of being human.
And at that level,
there's no time.
There's no space.
And that's where you have access
to the infinite intelligence
that was, is, and shall
be because everything
all happens all at once.
>>NOORY: Who pulled
you out of this?
>>MASATI: Well, at that level--
that's a beautiful question--
a divine hand.
I guess somebody
loves me up there.
It's like it went blank.
So once I understood
or got the education
that I connected to at
that level, I blacked out.
And then all of a
sudden, I found myself
about 100 yards above river.
The inner tube was still getting
sucked in, but it was too big.
It's too large to get
sucked into the hole.
And I'm going,
how the heaven did
I get above river if I
got sucked down there?
So divine intervention.
That's all I can--
>>NOORY: It's
funny you say that.
I had a call on my radio
show years ago from a fellow
who said he was swimming in
the ocean 200 or 300 offshore.
His friends were on the
beach, laughing and drinking
and having a good time.
He said, a current pulled me
under, and I was gone, George.
I was going to drown.
I saw a hand reach down into
the water and pulled me out.
And as I lunged out to grasp the
air, gasp it, I looked around.
There was nobody there.
Same thing happened to you.
>>MASATI: Exactly.
It's literally like I
felt somebody pull me
from the back of my neck, just
grabbed me and just pulled me
out.
And then I blacked out.
And then I found myself on
the river, and I'm going, wow.
>>NOORY: It was not your time.
>>MASATI: It was not my time.
So there's beautiful
people or a consciousness
up there always
watching over us.
No matter how dark
we think our life is
or how bright our
life is, there's
always people observing,
watching, taking care of you.
All we need to do is
to connect to those.
>>NOORY: At that point, did the
two NDEs change who you were?
>>MASATI: Oh, yeah, quite a bit.
The first one allowed me,
again, gifts of intuition.
I was always intuitive,
but this heightened it.
The second NDE, again, gave me--
the second NDE allowed
me to really understand
the concepts of life.
And this is where I got pulled
into deep-state meditations
in the middle of the night.
I'd wake up at 2:00,
3:00, 4:00 in the morning,
and that same voice would go,
hey, it's time to meditate.
And I'd look around.
I was like, who is that?
Who's in my bedroom?
And it's like, well,
I'll do it later.
And this is where it's like,
no, you need to do it now.
And it's like, OK.
So I would wake up at
2:00, 3:00 in the morning,
and I would do this
stand-up meditation.
This is what I teach
some of my classes now.
And I would be there for
three, four, five hours just
standing, which gives you
a different consciousness
because you have to
be aware of your body
so you can't float away,
which is important.
But it allows you to expand
into the consciousness
of the near-death
experience in physical form.
And in those
experiences, George,
this is where I learned
how time and space work,
how realities work, why we go
through what we go through.
Some of the most
difficult questions
that we have here
in this reality
that we haven't figured
out, those solutions
or those possibilities
or those answers
came to me through those.
So that was my education on how
to help people nowadays the way
I do.
>>NOORY: A couple of years
ago you had a third NDE.
>>MASATI: So with each--
think of near-death experiences
as psychedelic experiences
because people use psychedelic
experiences to go from, say,
a level--
for clarity, say, we're at
level 0, zero-point frequencies,
of consciousness.
And then we go to, say,
level 10 consciousness
with a psychedelic experience.
Well, a near-death for
me, conscious near-death,
takes me to a level 100
consciousness, for example.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MASATI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Big jump.
>>MASATI: Yeah, big jump.
And then you stay at that level.
The key is, how do you
stay at that level?
And then the second near-death
went from consciousness 100
to maybe consciousness
400 or 500.
And then the third
near-death was just recent,
about a year or so ago,
probably almost two years ago.
And that was the most
difficult because this
is where my whole body stopped.
And the third
near-death, George,
really allowed me to recreate
my body in a younger form.
I'm 63 right now, but--
it took me a while,
but I don't have the same
issues as my family does.
I don't have the heart issues,
the diabetes, the arthritis,
and everything else that
my family's going through.
>>NOORY: You're pretty healthy.
You're pretty healthy.
>>MASATI: I'm very healthy.
At 63, I look--
my lab results and so on
are like of a late 20s--
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>MASATI: --early 30s.
>>NOORY: And what happened?
>>MASATI: Well, this
is where, again,
the concepts of
time and space can
be skewed to help
us age differently.
This is where we can, say,
massively transform who we are.
This is how we
re-evaluate or redefine
what honor is, what love
is, what abundance is,
what creativity is, what help
is, what being a good person is.
We redefine it from,
say, a god's definition
or that intelligence
that runs this reality.
So you access that level.
You're not accessing human, say,
definitions of all those things.
You access a very, very
different definition.
And, well, you get
different results.
>>NOORY: But how did
you die the third time?
>>MASATI: Oh, in the third
time, we were in Peru in Machu--
not Machu Picchu.
Ollantaytambo.
I have some land there.
And it could be the elevation.
It could have been
COVID at the time.
It was just a
couple of years ago.
My whole system,
like my potassium,
all my minerals were so depleted
that basically my body stopped.
I didn't have a heart attack,
but my whole muscular system
stopped.
>>NOORY: I'm sorry.
>>MASATI: Yeah, and
my son, at the time,
he was in the hospital with me.
And he was holding--
just praying for me.
And I separated.
And I could see, again,
above, looking at him,
holding my body down.
And I just blanked out.
And, again, I went
into a beautiful realm
with just beautiful people
there, beautiful beings,
I should say.
And I woke up feeling much,
much better than when I came in.
>>NOORY: They sent you back?
>>MASATI: Yeah,
they sent me back.
That was the hardest because
it took me about a year
to reclaim my body.
But to reset your whole
body to a younger age,
not just physical features, but
the essence of being a younger
person, and going back in
time, resetting your heart,
literally restructuring
your heart and your organs
to be a younger person,
it takes a little time.
>>NOORY: We've got
a couple of pictures
of what you used to look like
compared to what you look like.
And the difference
is astounding.
Let's take a look.
>>MASATI: Yes.
So you can see the difference.
And obviously, it's--
>>NOORY: You got younger.
>>MASATI: I got younger.
Yeah, that one
looks like my uncle.
[LAUGHS] But obviously,
the love of a good woman,
obviously, that
does well as well.
But the techniques--
and this isn't just me,
but look at the-- it's like
two very different people.
The essence of who
we actually are
comes out on the 2021 picture.
But you can see it's not
just like the physicalness,
you look physically healthy,
but the presence and the essence
is more of a timeless being.
Quite amazing.
>>NOORY: What did you
do to look younger?
>>MASATI: Well,
the frequency work.
It's usually frequency work.
But obviously, along
with frequency work,
diet, exercising.
Everybody does the
diet and exercise,
but the difference
is the frequency
that you resonate at because
people age the way they do.
You're 60 years old.
It's like, OK.
Your genetics or your
DNA goes, OK, at 60,
people have these diseases.
Your mom or dad had
this issue at 60.
We'll just recreate it in
this life for this person.
But in my case, with what
we do, with the techniques
that I teach people, you
can go, well, Mom had that,
but I don't need to have that.
Dad had heart issues.
I don't need to have
heart issues, and so on.
So we start to delete
all those patterns
that we really don't need.
And this is where
you get younger.
And your trueness, your vibrancy
of who you are, shows through.
Basically, your
essence, your spirit,
literally starts
to show through.
And that's the huge difference.
>>NOORY: Now you
assist and help people?
>>MASATI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What do you
try to do for them?
>>MASATI: What do I do?
Well, again, it's not mental
or psychology or anything
like that.
Basically, what I see,
George, is, again,
the multi-dimensional
realm or the matrix.
What I do is, oh,
you're creating yourself
in this reality,
and this reality
dictates that you're tormented.
Or no matter how
much money you make,
it'll never be enough for you.
Or if you make a
lot of money, you'll
lose it or any other
patterns that you run.
Or you have heart issues
or whatever it might be.
It's like, oh, but there's
a dimension out here
that is better for you.
This dimension, you can actually
enjoy the money that you have.
You can actually create,
say, better health for you.
You don't have to experience a
life of heart attacks or heart
issues and so on.
And you get amazing results.
So I point out the possibilities
of what they could be.
I don't create it for them.
But everybody has
better possibilities
that they're not using.
So I point that out.
So that's point B. And I
go, but where are you now?
Because most people don't
really understand why
they are where they are.
>>NOORY: And how they got there.
>>MASATI: And how
they got there.
Exactly.
They always think
of the effects,
but I go to the cause of why
they got to where they are.
And then once you
do that, you've
got point A. Just
like Google Maps,
it's like, you want to go to
point B wherever point B is,
a better version of you?
Where are you now?
Most people, like you said, they
don't know how they got there.
They don't know
why they got there.
They just know that
they want out of there.
But like Google Maps,
you have to define really
well exactly what point of
time and space you are in.
And then once you know
those coordinates,
you can go to point
B. It's like, oh,
let me show you how to
go to point B. So again,
I map out where they want
to go, where they are,
and then guide them to that
direction frequency-wise
by changing their--
>>NOORY: Did it take the
near-death experiences to get
you to that point?
>>MASATI: Well, I've had enough,
George, for plenty of people.
>>NOORY: You've
had way too many.
>>MASATI: Yeah.
So people don't have to go
through a near-death experience
to go through that.
It is a near-death
experience for people
that go through the process
because your old self has
to die, but you
physically don't have
to have a near-death experience.
You just have to let
go of your old self
so your new self can blossom.
>>NOORY: How do you
help other people today?
>>MASATI: Oh.
Well, the things
I can do in, say,
a 10-minute session or
even in my group sessions,
hyper-meditations, where
they don't even have to have
a one-on-one with me, that can
massively transform people,
decades worth of therapy
in, say, 10, 15 minutes.
Especially for young kids,
they can massively transform,
kids who have ADD, ADHD, or
even like suicidal patterns,
depression and so on.
They don't understand how to
render or create themselves
in space and time.
And then the after
effects is what
we call ADD or ADHD or any
of those other diseases
that we've labeled
these young kids with.
But once you center
them, once you
help them understand
where they are--
and I know it sounds crazy, but
my concept is, George, you--
There is a superintelligence
that created you
before you even had a brain.
Let's tap into that
superintelligence
and change you here versus
changing you at a mental level.
And that's the profound, say,
transformations that people
receive from my work.
And it's all frequency work.
>>NOORY: Do you use
technology to help you?
>>MASATI: Well, this is really,
really advanced technology.
In fact, I help quantum
computers work better.
>>NOORY: Really?
How does that work?
>>MASATI: Well,
quantum computers
are in a realm where
they use electrons.
I don't know how much you
know about quantum computers,
but bits are either a 1 or 2.
So they have two bits.
In quantum computers,
they call it qubits.
And one bit is either a 1 or
2, depending on, say, the state
that it's in.
So it's in superposition.
It could be two
positions at one time.
And the problem with quantum
computers is stability.
The problem with
people is stability.
And again, it's not stability of
the mind or the stability found
by people thinking to make
more money or through love.
It's the stability
of consciousness.
of time and space.
And we can do that.
Just like quantum computers,
you stabilize that electron.
And then it comes out more--
it outputs better.
It's more coherent.
It stays in coherent
states, easier, faster.
You get better answers,
more accurate answers.
People are just like
quantum computers.
To me, there's no difference.
We're just programs.
And that's the
effect of my work,
by the way, when you can
adjust quantum computers
at the frequency level.
>>NOORY: Would you
say you're a healer?
>>MASATI: I wouldn't
call myself a healer,
or I wouldn't say I
cure people in any way.
However, people get
massive transformations.
They do cure themselves of--
I mean, even stage
IV cancers and stuff.
Again, I don't claim
to cure anybody,
but I do claim
that I am probably
the expert at awakening
people's possibilities of what
they could be.
>>NOORY: You assist
them to give them
the ability to do these things?
>>MASATI: Yes.
You have your own
natural healing ability
that's died down
through media and how
we've been raised and so on.
I awaken that
possibility, the autonomy
of who we are, the
possibilities of who we are.
And once you awaken them,
people heal themselves.
>>NOORY: Give us an example
of somebody who came to you
and what you did for them.
>>MASATI: Sure.
I can give you a
ton of examples.
They're on the website.
But he's a good friend of mine
now, again, highly successful.
They gave him eight months to
live because of heart issues
that he had.
So a friend of mine that
I've gone through-- he's
a good friend.
Again, most of my clients
become really good friends.
But he's like, you got
to talk to this guy.
And he was very hesitant
because high-level CEO.
He's gone through the best
doctors, best whatevers
throughout the world.
>>NOORY: Nobody's
done anything for him?
>>MASATI: Nobody's
done anything for him.
Exactly.
And he's got hesitant.
I was like, hey.
So I talked to him.
And it was awkward.
It was like, OK.
So in that telephone
conversation there,
it was like-- and he
didn't even tell me
he had heart issues
because I can scan people.
And this is one of
the key gifts I have,
is I can tell people
exactly where they are,
what issues they have, and what
the cause of those issues are.
That's one of the
key components.
So I told him right off
the bat, just to go, oh,
you've got heart issues.
And I can see how his lung and
how his heart were working,
not the most efficient way.
He was like, yeah,
how did you know that?
It's like, well, I can
see everything in people.
And that's what his scans and
his tests through medical scans
and so on--
And how one ventricle
wasn't working as well,
I can see all that.
And he's like, gosh.
He gained trust in that
because nobody can tell.
Nobody can see that, but I can.
>>NOORY: But you.
>>MASATI: His daughter
had heart issues.
And they were
going to actually--
they were waiting for
a heart transplant.
His daughter had
five heart surgeries.
By that age, she was 10.
I met her at 20.
And in about five, six months,
he went back to the Mayo Clinic,
and they gave him a
clean bill of health.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>MASATI: Yeah.
And his daughter doesn't need
a heart transplant anymore.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MASATI: Yeah.
And that might sound extreme,
but those are actually
normal cases.
>>NOORY: Now, we have a video
of Steve that you worked with.
Tell us a little bit about him.
>>MASATI: Yeah.
So Steve, I met him--
he was a young kid.
He was 29 at the time,
probably, about 29,
and a lot of addictions, a lot
of probably abuse in the family,
like a lot of kids go through.
And their out would be,
well, I'll take drugs
because people want to escape.
And nowadays, even
now, people are
trying to do psychedelics
because they're
trying to escape.
It's OK, but we
need to understand
the power of psychedelics.
So unlike Steve here--
he tried more drugs,
more drugs, more drugs
because it's euphoric.
It's literally a death
experience for people.
But unfortunately, they're
not conscious of that death
experience, so it
doesn't benefit them.
It's like a downward spiral
for people who do psychedelics
or-- because nowadays,
it's the rage nowadays.
So for Steve, he
took way too many,
got more distorted than ever.
And he found me.
I don't know how he found me,
probably through a friend.
And through the course--
and he had heavy addictions.
And throughout the
course, not too long,
a lot faster than going
through a clinic or a center,
totally redefined who he is.
Plus, he had a chance to
heal his nervous system.
It's an amazing turnaround.
>>NOORY: Well, let's take
a look at what Steve has
to say about working with you.
>>MASATI: Oh, thank you.
>>STEVE: I used to be
addicted to heroin, cocaine.
Pretty much nothing
in my life was good,
and I didn't understand
what was going on.
It's been a crazy
journey healing
my brain and my nervous system
from all the drugs that I did.
I wouldn't have thought
it was possible.
I didn't even really
know how bad it was.
And then all of
the drugs started
coming out of my
system, which I didn't
realize they were still there.
It had been years since I'd
stopped doing drugs when I first
started working with you.
Really understanding
how to be here--
like I said, I was in so
many different realities
and time frames that I never
really even experienced my body.
And that's why it was
so difficult for me
to gain any traction in life.
Things have changed
massively for me.
I actually feel myself
here, experience life.
My relationships
are all amazing.
I was even living
with my parents
when I first started working
with you, and I was 29.
So many significant changes.
Yeah, now I have
amazing relationships.
Literally, life,
it's like a system.
All my relationships,
all my experiences,
everything is working
together to really create
the best possible
situation for my evolution.
So it's really beautiful.
>>NOORY: How does what you
do for these people compare
to traditional
medicine, for example?
>>MASATI: Traditional
medicine is really fantastic.
But whether it's traditional
medicine or Eastern/Western
medicine or self-improvement
or anything else that we do,
again, they treat the effect.
I treat the cause.
So Steve's issues go
back to genetic patterns,
familial patterns of abuse.
And Steve was not the
first one that had
addiction issues in his family.
So it's not the issues of Steve.
It's the issues back here.
So through the work
that I did, it's
like, OK, let's clean out
those genetic patterns.
Let's clean out the frequency
behind those genetic patterns.
And as you do, he
radically changed.
His health radically changed.
He's very, very different.
And I'll give you
an example on how
you can tell the difference
between mental change
or just physical betterment
and then frequency change.
So in this situation,
Western medicine
or Eastern philosophies,
it doesn't really matter.
They work at the effect level.
I work at the cause level.
You combine the two, and
it really accents those.
So I help a ton
of people who are
going through therapies, cancer
therapies, or even psychology
or anything.
In fact, a lot of psychologists
actually take my healing courses
on how to be better
psychologists or
even how to be better
surgeons because it's
the essence of the person that
helps the client or the patient
heal better.
>>NOORY: What percent
of the patients
do you reach in terms of being
able to accomplish something?
>>MASATI: Oh, I have
very high success levels.
>>NOORY: Right.
I thought so
>>MASATI: Yeah.
In fact, what I do is so new
that the mainstream will go,
no, that's woo-woo out there.
But it's the latest science.
Science is always crazy
until it becomes the norm.
So in this case, these
are last-ditch efforts.
Again, like my friend, the
CEO, went to all the greatest
specialist clinics.
They tried the latest things.
It happens all the time.
I was like, OK,
what's the last ditch?
And it's like they
hear about me.
So even those extreme levels,
we can turn people around.
Again, I can't
guarantee anything.
It's all up to the
person's essence.
But absolutely, they transform.
I would say it's in the
high 90s, I would say.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>MASATI: It's huge.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: How do you tap
into that higher dimension
of consciousness for them?
>>MASATI: Well, for them,
I actually teach them.
I love these questions, George.
Thank you for them.
So most modalities, even
self-improvement or other
techniques that are
out there that--
I'm pushed into the energy,
but I go beyond energy.
I go to the origin of energies
or the origin of frequencies.
So what I do, it's like
a tuning fork, George.
It's like they're over here.
They're tuned at a different
resonance or frequency.
And I go, you know what?
You need to resonate here.
And I start to help them
rewire their frequencies,
again, not their brain,
but their frequencies.
It's not the state of mind
that changes your life.
It's the state of
your frequency.
So I was like, you're
resonating in this frequency.
Let's resonate you at this.
So I literally help guide them
into the higher frequencies.
So I create a tuning
fork experience for them,
where it's like, hey, you're
supposed to resonate at this.
And then they tune--
I help them tune themselves
to a higher frequency.
And once they get to
that higher frequency,
they start to go, oh, I don't
need this, or I don't need that.
They can shed it away.
>>NOORY: When do you know
they've reached that level?
>>MASATI: Oh, you can
see it in their presence.
You can see it in
their essence, George.
They light up.
I worked on this young
girl the other day.
She was bound by the burdens of
her parents and her grandmother.
And she was only 23,
and she looked so old.
And I only worked with
her for 5, 10 minutes.
And 10 minutes
later, I look at her,
and she's just a nice bright
23-year-old, her essence,
her energy.
You can just tell.
People can sense the difference.
They might not know.
If I worked on
you-- and I'd love
to work on you, by
the way, George.
>>NOORY: Do I need work?
>>MASATI: Well, we can
always ascend higher.
We can always expand better.
We can always age better
and all that, of course.
But it's just connecting
you to your higher self.
But people start to really
sense what their real purpose is
about here.
And once they feel their
real purpose of what it is,
everything becomes more joyous.
And that's where
real healing comes
through or real transformation.
>>NOORY: It is
dramatic, isn't it?
>>MASATI: Oh, it's
totally dramatic.
It's so different.
There's people that
make a lot of money,
but I help them create
a very different source
because their value comes from
within, not the possessions
that they have.
>>NOORY: Does it get
emotional for you sometimes?
>>MASATI: It actually
does with young people
because they're so brilliant.
They have so many possibilities.
And you see the burdens
that they carry.
And they release them.
And then you see them
a year or two later.
I mean, they do the
courses and all that,
or their parents help
them do the courses.
But it's from point A to
point B, and they come
and they come so vibrant,
and they're just so happy.
George, it's the best thing.
It's like watching
your kids grow up.
You know what I mean?
>>NOORY: How important is
believing they can do this?
>>MASATI: Oh, not
important at all.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>MASATI: Not important at all.
A lot of people are very
skeptical from this.
But I bypass their brain because
skepticism is in the brain.
I access, again, the
natural conditioning
of how our genetics work or
how our frequencies work,
the way nature
intended you to be.
Once you connect them to
that level, belief systems,
they get to see the proof within
a very short period of time.
So they really
don't need belief.
In fact, sometimes
people who are--
they could be skeptic,
but they could be--
it works if they're open.
So once they start to see
the structure, they go, oh.
So it's good to be
questioning that process.
It's always good to be
questioning the process,
rather than, yep, I believe it.
I'm going to jump in.
Because those people
get taken advantage of
and all that stuff by
other healers and all that.
So you want to have
healthy skepticism.
That's what I say.
And that way, you
start to understand
the logic of what I do.
And then it makes
sense for them.
>>NOORY: Do you think you were
chosen by higher-ups to do this?
>>MASATI: Wow.
Gosh, I can't really say, but
I think we choose ourselves
by resonating at a certain
frequency, I think.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you?
>>MASATI: The best way is the
thexicode.com, the, T-H-E,
xicode.com.
There's a lot of YouTube
videos on the meanings of life,
why life happens the way it is,
and what you can do about it.
And that's, again, that XI Code.
Or you can go to Masati,
M-A-S-A-T-I .live.
And that's my YouTube channel.
And, again, there's a lot
of free coursework on that.
And it explains not just
coursework or just topics,
but there's a lot
of hyper-meditations
that literally transform
you as you listen to me.
>>NOORY: Masati, thanks
for being on Beyond Belief.
>>MASATI: Thank you.
It's my pleasure, my friend.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
It took three near-death
experiences to change him
and his life, but he now
changes other people's.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[AUDIO LOGO]